Bluetooth: Mesh: Point to point and Mesh DFU (#14833)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/bt_mesh/dfu_over_ble.rst

Point-to point DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy in Bluetooth Mesh samples
**********************************************************************

> The :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light`, :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_target` and :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_distributor` samples enables support for point-to-point DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy for nRF52 Series development kits.
> See the samples documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light`, :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_target` and :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_distributor` samples enable support for point-to-point DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy for nRF52 Series development kits.
See the sample documentation for each of the above mentioned samples for more details.
```
